Add observable controller (#495)
kuzzleio/sdk-javascript: doc/7/core-classes/search-result/introduction/index.md

---
code: false
type: page
title: Introduction
description: SearchResult class
order: 0
---

# SearchResult

Inherits from: [KuzzleEventEmitter](/sdk/js/7/core-classes/kuzzle-event-emitter).

> An `SearchResult` contains documents matching a search query.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `SearchResult` object contains the documents matching a search query.  
```

> A `SearchResult` instance is returned by [document:search](/sdk/js/7/controllers/document/search).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SearchResult` instances are returned by [document:search](/sdk/js/7/controllers/document/search).
```
